It's time for the building chamber of commerce election to officially start
Please enter the real manager
Ah, you're finally here.
I'm going to welcome the six commanders in
They are also waiting at the door
Don't wait for the circuit army to call
What's next?
The five directors of our Daxia Chamber of Commerce
About to announce the human rights of my new president
Hahaha, mom, wait a minute, what's the matter?
This Ye Tianci
He's been messing around since he entered the venue
Seriously disrupt the order of the venue
His heart can be punished
I suggest that this person be cleared of me immediately
Ah, you're right.
It's just me, stop fooling around
This person has the dragon body
Is a VIP
Can't make this
Mr. Zhang, his VIP identity may be forged
We were all deceived by him just now.
Let his conspiracy succeed
The upcoming presidential election is a top priority
I have been elected
I have the right to expel the dead
You are elected
Who said that, Mr. Zhang?
Don't be kidding
We all know that.
Hahaha, you got it.
I never knew
How do you know that?
Dad, don't give a shit
This is about Ye Shao being elected president
It's about DingTalk on the board
We have all confirmed it.
So that's why you offend the VIPs